9 4 3 0
minecraft:stone 61 false Stone
minecraft:air
opencomputers:robot 1 true Robby
opencomputers:robot 1 true *Hyun-ae
minecraft:air
minecraft:air
opencomputers:robot 1 true Robby
minecraft:air
opencomputers:robot 1 true Robby
minecraft:stone 1 false Stone
opencomputers:robot 1 true Robby
minecraft:air
opencomputers:upgrade 1 true Sign I/O Upgrade
opencomputers:robot 1 true Robby
opencomputers:robot 1 true Robby
opencomputers:robot 1 true Robby
minecraft:stonebrick 1 false Stone Bricks
opencomputers:robot 1 true Robby
opencomputers:screen1 1 false Screen (Tier 1)
minecraft:stone 1 false Stone
minecraft:stone 1 false Stone
opencomputers:robot 1 true Robby
opencomputers:robot 1 true Robby
opencomputers:robot 1 true Robby
minecraft:sign 1 false Sign
opencomputers:robot 1 true Robby
opencomputers:robot 1 true Robby
minecraft:stone 1 false Stone
minecraft:stone 1 false Stone
minecraft:stone 1 false Stone
minecraft:stone 1 false Stone
minecraft:stone 1 false Stone
minecraft:stone 1 false Stone
minecraft:stone 1 false Stone
minecraft:stone 1 false Stone
minecraft:stone 1 false Stone
minecraft:stone 1 false Stone
minecraft:stone 1 false Stone
minecraft:stone 42 false Stone
minecraft:stone 1 false Stone
opencomputers:robot 1 true Robby
minecraft:stone 1 false Stone
minecraft:stone 1 false Stone
minecraft:stone 1 false Stone
minecraft:stone 1 false Stone
minecraft:stone 1 false Stone
minecraft:stone 1 false Stone
minecraft:stone 1 false Stone
minecraft:stone 1 false Stone
minecraft:stone 1 false Stone
minecraft:stone 1 false Stone
minecraft:air
minecraft:air
minecraft:stone 1 false Stone
