9 4 3 0
ic2:te 1 false Macerator
minecraft:crafting_table 1 false Crafting Table
opencomputers:robot 1 true Robby
minecraft:trapped_chest 1 false Trapped Chest
opencomputers:robot 1 true Robby
minecraft:air
opencomputers:robot 1 true SpiritedDusty
opencomputers:robot 1 true Robby
opencomputers:robot 1 true Robby
opencomputers:robot 1 true Robby
opencomputers:robot 1 true Robby
opencomputers:robot 1 true Robby
opencomputers:robot 1 true *Hyun-ae
opencomputers:robot 1 true Robby
opencomputers:robot 1 true Robby
opencomputers:robot 1 true Robby
opencomputers:robot 1 true Codsworth
opencomputers:robot 1 true Robby
opencomputers:robot 1 true Robby
minecraft:stone 14 false Stone
minecraft:stone 1 false Stone
opencomputers:robot 1 true Robby
opencomputers:robot 1 true Robby
opencomputers:robot 1 true Robby
opencomputers:keyboard 1 true Keyboard
opencomputers:robot 1 true Robby
opencomputers:robot 1 true Robby
minecraft:air
minecraft:air
minecraft:air
minecraft:air
minecraft:air
minecraft:air
minecraft:air
minecraft:air
minecraft:air
minecraft:air
minecraft:air
minecraft:air
minecraft:air
minecraft:air
minecraft:air
minecraft:air
minecraft:air
minecraft:air
minecraft:air
minecraft:air
minecraft:air
minecraft:air
minecraft:air
minecraft:air
minecraft:air
minecraft:air
minecraft:air
